You don't have to be the best swimmer to join the military. That's a common
question, it's like what, you're in the military and you can't
swim? It's like yeah, so I learned to swim while I was in the navy,
but when I first started I could barely doggy paddle. So the requirements
for boot camp are you have to jump into some water and you can't
hold on to anything, you have to be afloat for two minutes, and
then you come back up. So if you don't know how to do that then there
are some, there's a little bit of practice that you can do, and so
basically everybody passes. If you definitely can't pass, then they
have like specific training for you, but most of the time that's not
a problem to pass, to just do two minutes.